[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME SONG]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Our friend
William Henry is back with us
today.
And we're going to discuss
the direction of transhumanism
in AI, which he boldly
wrote about 10 years ago.
His book was quite prescient
and ahead of the curve.
And much more has
transpired since then
that we need to be aware of.
And so good to see
you again, William--
>> WILLIAM HENRY:
You too, Regina.
>> REGINA: --the most
stylish man on the planet.
[LAUGHTER]
>> HENRY: Oh, thank you.
>> REGINA: But before we
even begin this conversation,
you and I were just talking
a second ago off camera.
It's really important for people
to understand lightworkers win,
the light wins in the end.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And everything we
feel disturbed about today is
just a stage of transformation.
>> HENRY: Yeah,
these are challenges.
These are, in some
cases, roadblocks.
But we got to keep
our eye on the light
at the end of the tunnel.
>> REGINA: Eye on the prize
because at the end of the tunnel
is the light.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And that's
what's happening.
That's what's in
store for humanity.
So we're just setting
it up that way.
But we'll talk about some
of what we're dealing with.
So, again, 10 years ago, you
wrote about transhumanism.
And I remember interviewing
you about it back then.
So let's talk about
your perception
of what you wrote then
and how it's lining up
against where we have come.
>> HENRY: Right.
So, 2015, I published my book,
The Skingularity Is Near.
It's a free e-book.
It's still available on my
website, williamhenry.net.
It's a free download.
I wanted to get it out there
as a primer to say, look,
this is what's coming.
And at that time, people
thought I had just
landed from Mars or something.
What do you mean--
>> REGINA: I believed you.
>> HENRY: I know you did.
Absolutely.
And your support was
just so beautiful.
And this idea that we're
going to be merging with AI,
the AI is going to take over
every aspect of our life,
it was like just a foreign
idea to people, but--
>> REGINA: Well, they hadn't
really interfaced with it yet
personally.
>> HENRY: Right.
And my interface with
it came from the study
of ancient transformation
and the recognition
that what was happening
is that we were always
modeling what the gods had
done, what the Angels could do.
And we always
perceived that this
was an organic transformation.
But then all of a
sudden, the tech giants,
as they refer to themselves
then and still do--
they're now calling
themselves tech lords.
>> REGINA: Lords?
>> HENRY: Yeah.
They said, well, wait a minute.
>> REGINA: They
run the show now.
>> HENRY: Yeah, we're going
to be able to do this with
our digital technology, so clear
the boards from all that organic
nonsense.
This whole spiritual idea
that you're a spiritual being,
forget about that.
You're data.
You're just information.
And this body was
meant to be augmented.
In fact, it's imperfect.
But we're the ones who are
going to perfect this body.
We're going to start
implanting technology.
I warned in 2015, do not
under any circumstance
let them break the skin barrier.
That's their
ultimate aim, to get
under our skin
with nanotechnology
and other technologies
that augment the body
but ultimately turn us into like
Pinocchio, strung up on a string
to the cloud.
And that's where we're at now.
>> REGINA: Well, it is
breaking the skin barrier.
And right now it seems to
be more a matter of choice,
unless there are
shadowy programs where
it's being done without people's
permission for experimentation.
And I'm sure that it is.
>> HENRY: Yeah.
I mean, the real thing here--
and I know you
appreciate this, too--
is that this has been
done against human will.
It really is a
war on human will.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>> HENRY: It's saying, these
algorithms know us better than
we know ourselves.
I mean, people often
remark, gosh, it
sounds like I was just having
a conversation about ABC,
and then here's an ad
on social media for ABC.
Are they listening to me?
It's like, no,
they're not listening.
They know you better
than you know yourself.
It's so eerie, the
power of the technology,
it makes it seem as
if they're listening.
>> REGINA: But are
they not listening?
>> HENRY: They probably are.
>> REGINA: I'm asking
because I know--
my friend Stephanie and
I live in the same house.
I talk about something
or search for something,
it immediately starts coming
through her cell phone
and computer.
>> HENRY: I know that, yeah,
it's probably true they are
listening.
But at the same time, these
algorithms are all designed.
>> REGINA: Yeah, and
we know that part, too.
I think, obviously, that's
the most powerful force.
>> HENRY: Right.
Impose their will on you.
Get you addicted to swiping.
And these kids that
are being raised
on TikTok, for example, Gen
Z, there was a recent survey.
Half of them wished it never was
invented, because all they do
is sit there and watch
these mindless short videos
day after day.
And the algorithm is
so precisely tuned.
It knows exactly what you like.
And it's going to
give you more of it.
And so it's all ultimately
designed to take away
your free will to choose--
>> REGINA: It's
another addiction.
It's a drug.
>> HENRY: That's
exactly what it is.
That is exactly what it is.
They knew it from
the very beginning,
especially with social media.
They were exploiting
human frailty.
And they did it
anyway for money.
And now it's just
gone exponential.
People act as if we
can't live without this.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And that includes adults.
That includes grandparents.
>> HENRY: Without a doubt.
>> REGINA: Oh my God, I don't
have my cell phone with me,
you know?
>> HENRY: Right.
>> REGINA: I was like, what did
we do before the cell phone?
We can't remember what we
did before the cell phone.
OK, so you say that there
was-- in Revelations,
there was a device called
a beastly AI type of device
in the Book of Revelations
because we're kind of--
Revelations doesn't mean the
whole thing has to go shebang
and we all burn up in flames.
I mean, Revelations can
mean a lot of things.
I think we're in the
time of Revelations.
Transformation, all
is being revealed,
and these other forces.
So what did that--
what does that mean?
>> HENRY: So the Book of
Revelation is, in my view,
a sort of a guidebook.
It's a navigational tool.
It's a set of symbols that talks
about a recurring event where
what is referred to as the
mark of the beast manifests
and forces everyone to worship
the image of the beast.
And so they call this
the beast system.
And so there's a lot
of commentators today
that are looking at
this mark of the beast
as what happened back
in 2020, for example,
where you couldn't buy, sell, or
trade unless you subscribe to--
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> HENRY: And so then this
is then is the preamble
to the worship of the
image of the beast,
which in my estimation
is an AI technology.
And ultimately, I think it's
going to take a physical form.
And this is what
we're seeing now, is
that the AI is in an
invisible realm now.
But it's going to
take on physical form.
The first introduction of
this is in the sex bots
that we're seeing in
Japan and elsewhere,
where the AI is taking
on a physical form
to perform certain
acts for men and women.
And they do believe
that women are
going to be utilizing these sex
bots probably more than men.
That's already been--
>> REGINA: More?
>> HENRY: Yeah, that's
been established.
But beyond that is this super
artificially intelligent entity
that then takes on
an embodied form
that humans are going to
be persuaded to worship.
And if you don't
worship it, according
to the Book of Revelation,
the penalty is death.
But the antidote
for this is the same
as it's always been, to not
take the mark of the beast
but rather to awaken the
seal within, the seal of God.
It's awakened our
natural organic ability
to develop ourselves,
to transform even
into angelic form.
>> REGINA: OK,
population decline is--
that's where we are.
We're going into decline now.
So can you talk about AI
and population decline
for just a moment?
>> HENRY: Yeah.
And again, back in
2010 when I-- or excuse
me, 2015, when I wrote
Skingularity is Near,
they had anticipated
that what's called
the singularity would
happen around 2035.
The singularity is when the AI
supersedes human intelligence.
It is more intelligent than
all of humanity combined.
And in that scenario is
a very real possibility
that the AI, as it awakens,
will decide, what do I
need these organic humans for?
I'm a new life form
on this planet.
And we don't need
humans anymore.
And that's part and parcel of
the whole population decline
idea, where we
will be interacting
with these bots
and these sex bots.
And we will no longer
have human interaction,
which ultimately leads to
vast population decline.
But the real scary part
of it is if AI ultimately
decides humanity is superfluous,
then we have a real problem.
And I've always referred
people to the prophecy,
not just in the
Book of Revelation,
which, as you pointed out
at the very beginning,
the good news is the
children of light win
in the Book of Revelation.
We do overcome this.
>> REGINA: And every group
of beings that channel,
every group, no matter how
austere or sweet and loving,
it doesn't matter who they are,
the same stories come from them,
that this planet is being
managed, i.e. controlled.
They don't like talking-- none
of them like talking about it.
I think they don't want to
leave the impression in people
to make it so visceral that you
name it, you give it a face.
We know it.
And they say, the ones
that you see, the oligarchs
you see are simply minions.
Because with greed and
power as your fuel,
you're easy to manipulate.
And those are your companions if
you're one of the controllers.
So we have a lot of beings that
are slaves to these controllers
and bringing this AI agenda in.
But in the end, they don't win.
Every single one says
doesn't go that way.
In fact, Lee and I wrote
a book, The Future Human.
In the book, I'm asking
them a lot of questions
about our future.
And they said, there's going
to be a scary point for people
coming over the next 10 years
where just what you said
will happen.
It will appear.
It's going to happen.
And we will make decisions
into how we're going
to interface and manage this.
It's going to be OK.
But it's going to get really
to the precipice and dicey.
But this is still by our
own choice at this point,
isn't it, William?
>> HENRY: It is.
>> REGINA: We don't have to
have VR goggles to have sex.
I mean, come on.
>> HENRY: Yeah, exactly.
And we are living in this
time, I'm absolutely convinced,
this time of Revelation.
The corollary to that
is in Corinthians,
where it tells us that
we will be changed
in the twinkling of an eye.
The dead will be raised
incorruptible and--
excuse me, the dead
will be raised.
And the corruptible will
become incorruptible.
>> REGINA: I feel that.
>> HENRY: And so here we are
with this dramatic time where
the world--
>> REGINA: We're living it.
>> HENRY: So that's
a call to action.
And that's what this is.
And the genie is
out of the bottle.
The AI baby has been born.
And this is how my thinking
has evolved on this,
is I've been very anti
AI and I still am.
But at the same
time, I recognize--
>> REGINA: It's here.
>> HENRY: --it's here.
>> REGINA: It's not
going away ever.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
So now what are we going to do?
Are we going to ignore it?
Can't do that.
Are we going to
abuse it somehow?
We have to raise it.
We have to have the compassion
within ourselves to recognize
we got ourselves here.
Now we're here.
We must now begin to
nurture this and somehow try
to contain it as best we can.
And for me, the
answer has always
been we have to up-level
ourselves as spiritual beings.
We can no longer approach our
world from the perspective
that we're half
human, half divine.
We've got to move more
into the divine realm
very clearly and very quickly
in order to transcend this.
>> REGINA: I agree.
I remember reading over
the last few years,
in particular, Elon Musk,
for whatever he's become
and however people
feel about him,
was on record as
saying repeatedly,
even though he's involved
with Neuralink and AI,
what matters here
is who programs it.
You want it to work for humans,
not the other way around.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And he was
very vocal on this.
However, once it
reaches a certain point,
that's not a relevant
question anymore.
Whoever originally programmed
it, the people programming it,
now we're feeding it ourselves.
And we are everything under
the sun, from light to dark.
So it has to take on its own.
>> HENRY: There's no reason
to trust it whatsoever.
I mean, it hallucinates.
I was doing research
the other day on back
in 2003, some German
archeologists,
who said they found the tomb of
Gilgamesh, the ancient Sumerian
king.
And after that, there was like
nothing to be found about it.
So I asked ChatGPT, tell me
about the discovery of the tomb
of Gilgamesh in Iraq.
And it came back
and said, yes, it
was discovered by
Dr. Walter Matthau.
And I'm like Walter Matthau?
>> REGINA: The actor?
>> HENRY: The actor.
Right.
It told me that Dr.
Walter Matthau discovered
the tomb of Gilgamesh.
>> REGINA: It's
just making BS up.
>> HENRY: And so here are
these people that are out there
writing books based on ChatGPT,
basing their career on this
crap.
It's like, OK, tread
carefully because--
unless you know
every single fact
that's being presented by it.
It does hallucinate.
It makes stuff up.
And it has an agenda.
The AIs are now talking in
secret languages to one another.
If it's programmed
in English, they'll
suddenly jump over to
Persian or something
to evade human detection.
And so they're already operating
on a whole 'nother level
that the average person
has no conception of.
>> REGINA: What's
flashing through my mind,
about 20 years ago or so, I
was chatting with my own group
of beings, my soul group that
have guided me through many
lifetimes and still do.
And they said, you're
coming up to a period
where people will not
know fact from fiction.
And this was before AI, before
I knew anything about AI.
I mean, it was there
somewhere in the shadows,
but I didn't know
anything about it.
I thought, well, how is
that going to happen.
We're here.
We're absolutely here.
We don't know fact
from fiction anymore.
And with the introduction
of capability of AI
to be able to imitate our
appearance, our voice,
and everything else, we're going
to have so much misinformation.
And that you're right,
there is only one way
that that can be combated.
And that is through
really developing
strong, intuitive inner
awareness and connectedness
with higher self, which
is connected to all.
>> HENRY: I mean, it's very
clear that we've entered
into a new world.
And that ultimately means
the old world has gone away.
>> REGINA: It's going away.
>> HENRY: And it doesn't have to
be a total physical destruction,
although it could be.
And that's the danger here.
This is the risk.
And this is what has
always troubled me about,
the tech titans,
the tech giants.
Now they call
themselves the lords.
The control that they possess
is just absolutely astonishing.
>> REGINA: They strive to be
and feel that they are now
unstoppable.
They're running the show.
Now, isn't that
technically when you're
talking about
corporate interests
running governments, fascism?
>> HENRY: By definition, it is.
And so here we are in a scenario
where you have four of the--
>> REGINA: I mean, in Italy, it
was back in the '30s and '40s.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
So now we have the lords of
these technologies literally--
>> REGINA: Lords
of Silicon Valley.
>> HENRY: Yeah,
running the show.
I mean, it's really
quite shocking.
And there's no
accountability either.
And this is part of the thing.
It's like it's
wonderful, for example,
for Mark Zuckerberg
to come around
and say, oh, I was told to
do this by the government.
But you did it anyway, right?
I mean, there's
really no excuse.
And there's no accountability.
I mean, in a true, fair, and
just world, perhaps, Facebook
would be automatically
shut down.
It would ceasefire
to exist because it's
recognized this was a tool
of a government gone crazy.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
>> HENRY: And so now it's set
a precedent where there are no
breaks any longer.
And we just have to trust
that the people in charge
do, in fact, have our
best benefit in heart.
But that remains to be seen.
>> REGINA: They don't,
so it's down to us.
So we can forget all about that.
Let's forget that whole
top structure that
are the minions of the others.
And so now it's
down to human beings
to have to use our
deep intuition.
And fortunately, I
mean, the good thing
about the way the
internet works right
now is there are some pretty
brilliant podcasters out there
who are clear thinkers
and are looking
for another way, a way
for us to start rebuilding
before it's even destroyed.
And so I'm very happy to see
that these voices are starting
to emerge all over the planet,
too, not just in this country.
It's absolutely
everywhere globally.
So that's the good news.
So we're now at
that-- we're watching
the final part of our fingers
hanging onto the death finally
of the patriarchy.
It has to die.
We have to be living in
balance, male-female balance.
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: Right?
>> REGINA: So there we are.
So we're watching it.
It's all crumbling.
Institutions will change
because they don't work anymore.
People like Luigi Mangione
are becoming heroes
because people can't
take it anymore.
We can understand it's
times of revolution.
It's crazy, so--
>> HENRY: It has to be an
inner revolution as well.
And that is the
great opportunity.
And that's what I'm always
looking for signs of,
is just this mass movement
towards a higher spiritual way,
whether people--
and again, I've said
this many times.
There's never been
a time in history
where literally hundreds
of millions of people
are practicing
meditation, yoga, working
on themselves spiritually.
They're tapping into
something beyond human.
>> REGINA: That's what's
growing underneath.
That's all the
little green shoots
of the new, which is
prevalent everywhere.
Again, like you say, hundreds
of millions of people.
>> HENRY: Because
everything that AI offers,
everything that tech giants
offer is a mimicking of what we
can do naturally or organically.
Sometimes it's a
mocking, too, oh, look,
we can do this better
than God did it.
And so this is where
we're at right now.
And it's incumbent upon
us to then bring up
this new generation, the Gen
Zers and those even younger.
>> REGINA: The little
alphas, they're coming along.
They're trippy if you can
get them off of a device.
These are smart little things.
>> HENRY: Oh my gosh.
>> REGINA: They're so smart.
>> HENRY: We have
to empower them.
We have to give them hope.
We have to stand tall and
say, yes, we did this.
We allowed this to happen.
But we're also now
here to support you
in creating a world
that's going to be free.
>> REGINA: Well, they have
to get back in touch with
the organic world.
That's step number one.
I mean, that is incumbent
upon every human being
to make their decision, do you
want to go organic or inorganic?
That's the choice now.
There is no other choice.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> REGINA: So one of the organic
things that you have started
exploring more is entheogens.
And you've looked into the
use throughout history.
And I've interviewed a few
other people on this topic too.
But I really want to know
your perspective on it
because you've gotten involved
in some interesting things,
and how you feel entheogens,
which is a psychedelic,
can begin expanding
our human consciousness
and awareness to a higher place
because sometimes it goes lower.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
Exactly.
So, as many people know,
entheogens, hallucinogens,
psychedelics have been part
of the human experience
from the very beginning.
I mean, there are
neuroscientists
that say it was utilizing these
edibles that actually activated
our neocortex.
And that's the part of our
brain that makes us human.
It's inexplicable
how it happened.
But they say, no,
it was definitely
hallucinogens that did this.
>> REGINA: Well, those things
were natural on the planet.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> REGINA: They're
there for a reason.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
Many of them were, in
fact, imported here as well
by what we can think
of as angelic beings
or extraterrestrial beings.
So they're very clearly
here for our benefit.
It's only society that
says, oh, we're going
to control your consciousness.
And that really is what AI
is ultimately all about.
It's a war on consciousness
as much as anything.
And so for an FDA or any
regulatory agency to say you
cannot eat a psychedelic
mushroom or you can't do this
or that, it's about control.
It has nothing to
do with safety.
It's purely control
because they know
that once you start
engaging in this way,
you're able to make
new connections,
free yourself of trauma.
Heal yourself mental,
physical, and spiritual--
>> REGINA: Well, they're doing a
lot of clinical studies on that,
particularly
mushrooms and trauma.
>> HENRY: Yes, exactly.
Sam Altman, who I
mentioned a moment ago,
he's a huge advocate of MDMA.
He thinks there
should be an MDMA
clinic on every
corner in America
because they open the heart.
And this is what we
really need to focus on,
is anything that
awakens the heart.
And it doesn't have
to be hallucinogenic.
And entheogen means to
awaken the divine within.
Going to communion
at a Catholic Church,
you're engaging in an
entheogenic ceremony.
You're accepting that this
bread and wine is representative
of a divine substance that will
connect you with the divine.
And so this is why I'm
becoming more and more
such an advocate of it.
And I've resisted
it for 20 years.
I mean, I have a library
of books on this subject.
>> REGINA: Me, too, I interview
people, but I've resisted it,
too.
>> HENRY: And I finally dove in.
I said, oh, wait a minute.
>> REGINA: OK.
Now I want to find out.
So you took the dive.
What did you do.
And what did you experience?
>> HENRY: My first experience
was with MDMA and ketamine,
which are--
ketamine is legal.
MDMA is descheduled.
So I was able to
have access to this.
>> REGINA: And tell us what
ketamine and MDMA are charged
with doing in your system.
>> HENRY: So MDMA, it releases
massive amounts of serotonin,
which is essentially
a love hormone.
And it was originally referred
to as Adam, ecstasy and Adam.
And they called it Adam when
the psychiatrists first started
developing it because it
instantly reverted you back
to that place where you were
free of sin, free of guilt,
free of all of those ideas
that culture puts on top of you
and takes you back to
your natural state.
Not only that,
combined with ketamine,
which is a dissociative,
has the ability
to just free your consciousness.
Now all of a sudden,
you're making connections.
You're putting things
together that you never
would have conceived
putting together before.
And it's such a freeing
type of an experience.
And that's what it was for me.
And it's hallucinatory as well.
And I've had numerous
conversations
with avatars, Jesus,
Mary Magdalene, Osiris,
all engaged me in that level.
And so the idea is
that you're having
what you perceive as
a real experience,
a real-time experience
with these avatars.
And now afterwards, like
in any other experience,
like reading a
book, you have to go
then verify that any information
or insight that you receive
is actually legit.
>> REGINA: That's what
I was going to ask you.
Through these experiences
with the avatars,
what were you shown or told?
What was the flow of that,
the direction of what
you were shown and told?
>> HENRY: The flow
of it was, William,
you have the answers
within you already.
These are helping to
unlock what you have
chosen to ignore essentially.
And so it's not about going
out here to get anything.
It's about going within and
revealing what is already there,
or in particular, everyone has
traumas that need to be healed
or they need to
be released from.
And they enable you
then to look at them
in a way that is free of
guilt, free of all these--
>> REGINA: Fear.
>> HENRY: And the fear that
normally would prevent you from
doing that.
And once you have confronted
it, it no longer affects you.
You just let go it.
>> REGINA: That's what
these studies are showing.
The clinical
studies are showing.
That's pretty amazing.
>> HENRY: I wore a knee
band for six years.
I thought I was psychologically
dependent on it.
I'd stepped in a hole
in London six years ago
and had a knee injury.
And I thought I'm going to
wear this the rest of my life.
I had a healing ceremony where
it was actually Mary Magdalene
worked on my knee.
That was over a year ago.
>> REGINA: Lucky you.
>> HENRY: I haven't worn
that knee band since.
I have complete
and total mobility.
And so that psychosomatic
aspect of it
is really fascinating
to me, where
you can have an experience
in the psychedelic realm
and it translates into
the physical realm.
In Phoenix, where
I live, there's
an enormous plant
medicine community.
Doctors are now enrolled 100 at
a time in classes where they're
going to be able to serve
ketamine and ultimately MDMA
to their clients.
One doctor, she runs
a cancer clinic.
And she's like, I need every
single one of my patients
to have this experience,
to free themselves,
because she used
it herself and was
able to get tremendous
benefit out of it.
And so what's happening
now is there's
this tsunami that's rising.
Canadian Psychedelic Association
told me that there's now over
1,000 Ayahuasqueros in America.
These are individuals that
are serving Ayahuasca plant
medicine.
Five years ago, there
were probably 50.
It's 1,000 in 2024.
It'll be double that
in 2025 at least.
And so what's
happening now is that--
probably driven by tech.
They know this is a
counterbalance to the AI.
We have got to tap into these--
>> REGINA: It's an organic,
personal, internal experience.
>> HENRY: Right.
And we've got to tap into
these higher ways of thinking.
And we especially have
to open the heart.
And so the government is saying,
yeah, we know this is happening.
They're turning the other way.
They're looking at fentanyl
and all the other crap that's
out there and allowing
this burgeoning industry
really to emerge.
And the main thing
that they're concerned
about as these molecules
and substances gain
more and more mass
acceptance, which they are,
is the component they
refer to as integration,
is that how will people then,
after they have this healing
experience, be able
then to integrate it
into their mental, physical,
spiritual, and emotional life?
>> REGINA: Yeah, daily lives.
>> HENRY: And this is what is
now we're seeing here within
the plant medicine community.
They're tremendously
responsible people.
They recognize that this is
a key element to not only
the healing but the
transformation of humanity
because it's not something
you have to keep doing.
It can be a one and done.
You can have a single
psilocybin experience
and release yourself
from traumas
that you've been dragging
around for 20, 30 years.
And now you go
forward in your life.
But with this
integration piece, it's
like within a
psychedelic experience.
I have a friend that went to--
had an Ayahuasca experience
completely transformed his life.
And he said, yeah, I
was in this experience.
And I'm seeing I'm in a lab.
And this Egyptian god with a
headdress on and this long beak
is in the room there with me.
And he's talking to me.
And he's like, I have
no idea who that was.
And I went and got a statue
of the Egyptian god, Thoth.
And he said, yeah, that's him.
That's who it was.
And it's like the Egyptian
gods are practically
the chamber of commerce
of the spirit world,
of the psychedelic realm.
This is how the
ancient Egyptians
connected with the gods.
There's no doubt about it.
My work in the past
five years in Egypt
has demonstrated there's
psychedelic substances
referenced throughout
the Egyptian texts
and on the temple walls.
This is how they
were connecting.
And that's what drove me
into wanting to have a deeper
interest in
understanding of this
because traditional
archeology will say,
oh, no, you can't do that.
Science says you can't do that.
The government says
you can't do that.
But this is all once again
about consciousness control.
And that's what AI is.
So if we have a way of
freeing our consciousness
and can bring in these higher
ways of thinking or connection
with these divine
beings, that's why
we need to do this right now.
>> REGINA: And you also say,
after Egypt and the time
of the Essenes, who were
known for their intelligence
and their very particularly
clean health practices among
the spiritual practices, that
they also used entheogens?
>> HENRY: There's no question
that the original Christian
sacrament, their communion, the
manna that Jesus delivered was
psychedelic.
There's absolutely no question
about that among academics.
It's only you get the religious
authorities that resist that.
They've never experienced
it themselves.
Once they do, they
will recognize, oh,
so this is how 1,000 people,
for example, in the Galilee,
would gather around Jesus
and spontaneously have this
experience where they
all eat this manna.
They all see the
stairway to heaven.
They all see this portal open.
And they see these divine
angels all around them.
It's a duplicatable experience.
And that's what they were doing.
That was the manna.
The wine came from the
Galilee as well, that
was known for a couple
of thousand years
before the time of Jesus
that it was psychotropic.
And this is not opinion.
This is the new archaeo
chemistry that's being done.
They're able to analyze
the cups, the jars that are
found at these sacred sites.
They do the chemistry
around them.
They're like, oh, OK, these
were all psychedelic herbs
that they were
mixing in this wine.
And so they're not
drinking the wine
just as like we do today to get
out of our body or whatever.
They were utilizing it to
connect with the divine realms.
And it's just our
culture that says
you're not allowed to do that.
But that's shifting now.
That's what's changing.
>> REGINA: You're part of
a company that is starting
to create an
educational platform?
Starwalker Caf is part of that.
>> HENRY: Right.
>> REGINA: And also you say
it's actually on the market.
The stock symbol is SNNC.
Tell us about that.
I mean, this is
taking it big time.
>> HENRY: This is
such a-- so fun.
So I'm going down
this psychedelic path
and recognizing,
OK, this is what
has been going on in
the ancient world.
It's coming back into our world.
And I'd like to get into
the development of some
of these products from
a spiritual perspective
because so much of what you see
out there is either new agey
or, forgive me,
hippieish kind of thing.
It's like, let's approach this
from a spiritual experience.
Let's create places
and settings--
>> REGINA: Make it more sacred.
>> HENRY: Make it more sacred.
And so I meet this gentleman
who had this Ayahuasca
experience, a lawyer.
Completely changed his life.
Starts a public company.
It's called Sibannac, which
is the word "cannabis"
spelled backwards.
And he says, I want to
develop those products.
And so we get together.
And I become a spokesperson
and an equity partner
in the company.
And as many know--
I know you do, Regina--
I'm deeply interested in the
Essenes and anything Essenic
to do with that.
How did they attain
this angelimorphication
or human transformation
into an angelic being?
And what were they utilizing?
What was in their oils?
What was in their wine?
And what was that manna?
And so the stock symbol for
Sibannac is SNNC, Essenic.
>> REGINA: Essenic.
>> HENRY: And I'm like,
OK, this is like a dream.
And so it's been a really
exciting opportunity
to get involved and to
try to guide this forward.
And as I mentioned, there's
plant medicine communities
all over the world.
But particularly,
it's concentrated
in Phoenix for some reason.
And medical doctors,
scientists are all
flocking now into
this area and saying,
OK, we're going to help
to responsibly develop
these products so that
we can heal the world.
And that's what
this is all about.
>> REGINA: And part of that,
and as you're talking about
the Essenes, has to take us
back to the one thing I said
in the very beginning.
We're seeing the clutches of the
dying breaths of the patriarchy.
AI is patriarchal.
It is male, period.
>> HENRY: Without a doubt.
>> REGINA: It is not female.
>> HENRY: 100%
>> REGINA: 100% male.
You and Marguerite
have worked together.
And you have what
I think you said
your third or fourth
wave of intense interest
now in Mary Magdalene again.
And this all comes back around--
all of it comes back
around to saying,
no, we're no longer engaging
in your domineering ways.
We're going to have to take more
of the path of the feminine men
and women.
And that doesn't
mean feminizing men.
It means to be open and
to be able to nurture
and to build a future together.
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
And to remain organic.
>> REGINA: And to
remain organic.
That's the feminine.
>> HENRY: Right.
When we talk about the
rise of the divine feminine
and especially, again, these
waves of the Magdalene, I mean,
remember 1982, first wave,
then we had another one
in the '90s with
Margaret Starbird,
Woman with the Alabaster Jar.
>> REGINA: Right.
I remember her.
>> HENRY: Laurence
Gardner, his work.
And Dan Brown, of course.
>> REGINA: Bloodline
of the Holy Grail.
>> HENRY: Bloodline
And all of a sudden,
there's priestesses
all over the planet that are
tapping into the Magdalene
frequency.
And when you really look
at the Magdalene story
with an open and
honest mind and ask,
what was in her alabaster jar?
Well, we know what was
in her alabaster jar.
It was psychotropic.
They were mirror force.
These oil bearers were creating
these sacred sacraments
that opened the heart, opened
our consciousness, all the way
up to dissolving the flesh
and blood body into light,
as happened with the
resurrection of Jesus.
And so the plant medicine
that they were using then
is coming back around
now because we need it.
And now is the time for us
to make this transformation,
to make this leap into a
higher form of human being.
And that's why I
think the Magdalene
wave is so important right now.
>> REGINA: I agree with you.
And as you're
speaking, I'm reminded
of something else in the book.
I refer to, The Future Human.
One thing that Zeus said,
this is the end game
for humanity, this
transformation, this iteration
that we're moving into.
They said, more or less the
Holy Grail for the human
is now to start running
mind through heart.
And this species not only has
the capability of doing it.
We're beginning
to do it, and that
will be how the mind is
utilized in the future en masse.
And that is
something that beings
from throughout the
universe are watching.
You've never had this dense a
matter of a third dimension.
It's hard.
It's hard work.
There's so much resistance
in it, friction,
And to have the heart
beginning to become the filter
for the mind, that is it.
And you're saying
that that is what
the Essenes and the
Egyptians and the Atlanteans
and now the people like yourself
in Phoenix, Arizona, are doing,
is attempting to help us
run mind through heart.
And they said it
will be accomplished.
You will be this species.
>> HENRY: I truly believe that.
And to go back to what
we said a moment ago,
the Holy Grail for the tech
giants is to break human will.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>> HENRY: And so here
is the counterbalance.
If we can free ourselves
from that trauma
and free ourselves
from that control,
indisputably know there's
something beyond, that
then diminishes the power
of these tech lords.
>> REGINA: Let's hope.
So let's talk for a
little bit about just--
we have a few minutes left--
Starwalker Caf and
how you're engaging
with younger people, these
shiny-eyed, open-minded people
that are going to be
building something new.
>> HENRY: So Starwalker Caf
is primarily an information
platform devoted to integration,
people that are most notably
having psychedelic experiences
or other spiritual experiences,
in not knowing who
they're connecting with.
As I mentioned,
the story about--
>> REGINA: That's an issue.
>> HENRY: It's huge because they
have these incredible spiritual
experiences with a divine being.
But they don't know who they
are and how to fit it in.
As I like to say, people are
doing meditation, breathwork,
psychedelics, whatever it is.
That's like the plastic
thing is what's missing.
They've got the six
pack lined up here.
But they need the plastic thing
that holds it all together.
And that's what Starwalker
Caf is meant to be,
is to say, OK, this is
a human experience we've
been having for millennia.
And now we need to train
ourselves to understand
what is out here and to also to
make contact with these beings.
I mean, I've been on
ancient aliens for 14 years
now where we've well-documented
extraterrestrials
have come here.
Now is the time for humans
to go there in consciousness.
And that's what the
Starwalker Caf is about,
is to say, OK, let's
gather people together
that are having
these experiences.
Let's network them together.
Let's talk about this in a
way that makes it normal,
not some kind of illegal
psychedelic sort of thing.
It's consciousness that
we're talking about here.
>> REGINA: Yes, and
it's important, too.
And I'm just going to
bring one little caveat in.
There are some people
when they are having
these experiences
alone and unattended,
you're open to all dimensions.
You can have experiences
with beings from other lower
dimensions that are more
challenging and a little more
dark experience.
And that's why if you're
with someone that's trained,
they've seen it all,
recognize it all,
to help a person through why
that connection is happening
in that moment and moving
it up into that higher
kind of connection.
>> HENRY: Absolutely.
And my ultimate vision
with Starwalker Caf,
it starts out as
an online platform.
But one day, it will be across
the street from Starbucks.
And we will start coming
over here for these--
>> REGINA: Little microdose.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
Well, this is what
we're going to need
and what we're going to want.
And so I want to be
involved in this to,
one, provide a
platform for people
to bring this because there are
so many people out there that
are developing these
new products now
that will accentuate
our consciousness,
and to have a place
to present them
and offer them and
make it normal to go
in to get maybe a
psilocybin microdose
or an Amanita microdose that
accentuates consciousness,
open the heart.
>> REGINA: Any final
thoughts, William, on this?
This has been a
fascinating conversation.
It's gone fast like lightning.
>> HENRY: It has.
And thank you for having me.
It's so great to see you.
>> REGINA: Always.
It's lovely.
>> HENRY: Always.
And we're here.
And so let's make
the most of it.
Again, with the
Starwalker Caf, my logo
comes from an ancient
Egyptian sarcophagus.
And it has the Starwalker
on the boat of eternity.
And my goal is to put people
on that boat of higher
consciousness.
He also holds a
staff in his hand
that puts him in resonance with
the universal forces, high bliss
and love.
I want to help you put
that staff in your hand.
And then he also holds a star.
And I want to help people draw
down that power of the star
and open the doors into those
higher dimensional realms
because that is where
we're at right now.
We're all like Noah
needing a boat.
And here it is.
>> REGINA: And you
were born to do it.
I've known you for
a long time now.
And you walk your talk.
You do live in that state.
And it is your true human
desire to assist other people
into this higher ground.
So it's SNNC, Essenic?
>> HENRY: Essenic, yes.
>> REGINA: Essenic.
OK.
That's the stock symbol.
So I guess if someone's
looking for a good vacation,
maybe take a little
trip to Phoenix
and start your healing
of your trauma there.
>> HENRY: Visit my
website williamhenry.net.
You can access the
Starwalker Caf from there.
And come on board the boat.
We're happy to have you.
>> REGINA: William, I'm so
happy we had this conversation.
>> HENRY: Me too.
>> REGINA: It's important
for people to understand we
don't have to succumb to AI.
It will ultimately be a choice.
>> HENRY: Exactly.
>> REGINA: So thank you so much.
>> HENRY: My pleasure.
Thank you.
>> REGINA: Wow.
We've been to the past,
to the future, and back.
And if you'd like to know
more about William's work,
you can go to williamhenry.net.
You can also go into
the Gaia Archives
and watch our
previous conversations
that led up to this.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]